#   (Boggle/ Boggle-2)

December 4, 2019

## Sprint 1 Review/Retrospective and Sprint 2 Planning Meeting

### Sprint 1 Review/Retrospective

-   What did we accomplish?
    -   We completed most of our UI design
    -   We got an algorithm to solve for words from any board generated by the program
    -   We got our backend set up to load words from the dictionary
-   What didn't we accomplish?
    -   We weren't able to accomplish a working game
    -   The logic layer still needs a lot of work
-   What were the unexpected obstacles and opportunities?
    -   Amount of time estimated for each task was very accurate
    -   Amount of available from each group member wasn't a lot due to Thanksgiving break
-   What should we keep doing?
    -   Keep assigning tasks to everyone
-   What should we stop doing?
    -   Assuming that everyone has certain amount of time to complete a functionality
-   What should we start doing or do differently?
    - We should start splitting s certain task between two people. Such that if one person can't complete it other can  

### Sprint 2 Planning Meeting

-   Identify sprint goal
    -   To complete the project
        -   Get networking part done
        -   Add multi-player functionality
        -   Work on the timer functionality
-   What backlog items are in this sprint?
    - Timer functionality
    -  Score calculator
    -  Networking
    -  Multi-player GUIs  
-   Prepare sprint backlog (place the sprint backlog Issues in the
    `Sprint Backlog` Issue Board)
    -   New issues have been added

### Checklist to close-out Sprint 1

No later than 3:20pm on December 4:

-   [ ] Make sure project is ready for Sprint 1 grading:
    -   [x] Code compiles and runs
    -   [x] Any special instructions are in `README.md`
    -   [x] Class diagram reflects your system at end of Sprint 1
    -   [x] Close any remaining Issues that can be closed
        -   Leave open any Issues from the Sprint 1 backlog that
            are not yet complete
-   [x] Merge Sprint 1 material into Master branch
-   [x] Tag material that concludes Sprint 1 as `sprint_1`
